STARTS. YOU KNOW. I THINK RIGHT
ABOUT NOW.
TELL US WHAT'S GOING ON AND HIT
US WITH THAT CARPET. GIRL.
ITH THAT CARPET. GIRL.
LISTERS.
WE ARE BRINGING YOU THE ACCESS
GET READY FOR AN UNFORGETTABLE
NIGHT.
LIVE FROM E AT THE OSCARS STARTS
RIGHT ABOUT NOW.
>> IT IS OSCAR SUNDAY.
ALWAYS DAPPER. KARAMO.
ARE YOU READY FOR THIS
>> I HAVE TO TAKE A MOMENT AND
SAY HOW STUNNING YOU LACK
TONIGHT.
JUST GORGEOUS.
>> THANK YOU
I'M WEARING THIS BEAUTIFUL GOWN.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR SAYING
THAT
YOU LOOK TO HANDSOME
WHO ARE YOU WEARING?
>> I'M WEARING TOM SWEENEY
THIS IS AN AMAZING YEAR FOR THE
OSCARS
HISTORY MAKING NOMINATION.
SHATTERING RECORDS FOR DIVERSITY
AND JUST TO STATE THE OBVIOUS.
YOU'RE BACK AT THE CARPET.
THE RETURN OF THE RED CARPET
I'M SO EXCITED FOR THE FASHION
WE'RE ABOUT TO SEE THAT WILL
DESCEND ON THE CARPET TONIGHT.
LET'S GET THIS PARTY STARTED
>> THANKFULLY. WE HAVE A DREAM
TEAM OF EXPERTS READY TO GIVE US
THE INSIDE FASHION SCOOP ON
EVERY SINGLE ARRIVAL
YOU KNOW WHO I'M TALKING ABOUT
NINA PARKER. BRAD AND DANA
HEY. YOU GUYS.
>> LOOKING GOOD GIRL
>> YOU TOO
I'VE BEEN WATCHING YOU
MA
AMAZING SHOW
LOVING EVERY MINUTE OF IT.
>> LISTEN. G. THE SUN IS OUT
WE'RE LIVE HERE AT THE HISTORIC
ROOSEVELT IN HOLLYWOOD
WE'LL BE BREAKING DOWN EVERY
SINGLE FASHION LOOK THAT WILL
WALK THE CARPET TONIGHT.
I AM NINA PARKER
TELL US ABOUT THIS LOOK.
>> I'M WEARING CARTIER JEWELRY
ANKLES OUT
>> WHO ARE YOU WEARING
>> IT'S DRIPPING IN LUMINOUS
DIAMONDS
>> YOU ARE
THOSE SHOES ARE PRETTY
PHENOMENAL
>> WHAT ABOUT THIS DIAMOND
SITUATION?
>> IT'S HARD SITTING DOWN.
IT TOOK A LOT OF HAND SDTITCHING
BUT WE GOT IT TOGETHER
>> STUNNING AND WORTH THE PAIN
>> HAPPY OSCAR SUNDAY. EVERY
ONE.
NOW FOR SOME MOVIE FANS IT'S ALL
ABOUT OSCAR GOLD
FOR US IT'S ALL ABOUT THE
FASHION.
WE'LL BE TRACKING EVERY SINGLE
ARRIVAL AND GIVING YOU ALL THE
DETAILS BEHIND EACH LOOK
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
ALL WEEK WE HAVE BEEN GETTING
INTEL FROM TOP STYLISTSTYLISTS
I'VE BEEN TOLD ON GOOD AUTHORITY
WE CAN EXPECT TO SEE SOME BOLD
FASHION MOMENTS ON THE CARPET
TONIGHT.
>> I CAN'T WAIT.
WE HAVE A LOT OF TIDBITS FROM
STYLISTS THAT YOU HAVE TO MAKE
SURE AND TUNE IN AND SEE IF WE
GOT IT RIGHT
EARLIER TODAY AT OUR FABULOUS
BRUNCH. WE END UP WITH THREE RED
CARPET ICONS INTO OUR OWN E
FASHION HALL OF FAME
WE ASK YOU TO CHOOSE OUR FINAL
INDUCTEE
REGINA KING. BRAD PITT AND
CHARLIZE THERON. THERON.
LAYDY GAGA YOU ARE INDUCTED INTO
THE E FASHION HALL OF FAME
>> RAIN ON ME.
>> SHE DOES BRING IT WITH THE
FASHION EVERY SINGLE TIME.
>> DON'T GET ME STARTED.
WE WON'T GET TO ANYBODY ELSE
>> I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT OF
INTEL.
WE WERE JUST TALKING ABOUT THAT.
WHAT CAN WE LOOK FORWARD TO ON
THE CARPET TONIGHT
>> I GOT A FUN BIT OF SCOOP
FROMFROM
ANGELA BASSETT STYLIST
SHE SENT ME THIS VIDEO OF HER
GETTING DRESSED.
>> SHE DOESN'T WANT ME TO REVEAL
THE ENTIRE LOOK. BUT I CAN LET
YOU KNOW WHAT COLOR WE'RE GOING
TO WEAR.
SEE YOU SOON
>> HOW CUTE IS THIS.
>> IN THAT COLOR
WE GOT TO TALK ABOUT THIS COLOR.
>> NO.
>> WE'RE MOVING ON
>> WE HAVE TO STAY RIGHT HERE.
>> I THINK RED IS GOING TO BE A
TREND TONIGHT.
>> JENNIFER'S MISSION WAS TO TOP
THE 2018 LOOK WHEN SHE HAD THAT
AMAZING DRESS.
THIS ONE WILL FEATURE OODLE AND
CLOUDS OF CHIFFON.
HER STYLIST IS ANGELA'S PLUS ONE
FOR THE OSCARS
>> THAT'S CUTE
I LOVE THAT.
ANGELA HAS OPINIOBEEN DOING THE
HAIR LATELY.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE HER.
>> I CAN'T WAIT.
>> THIS SOUNDS LIKE A BIG
MOMENT
>> IT'S GOING TO BE A BIG
ANGELA STARTED ON THE CARPET
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE HER.
>> JENNIFER IS GORGEOUS.
WHOA
>> I'M JUST FASCINATED WITH THE
CLUTCHES
THEY HAD ME.
THAT'S A BIG DEAL ON THIS
CARPET
YOU HAVE TO HIDE YOUR LIQUOR IN
THERE.
YOUR LIPSTICK.
IT HAS TO BE BIG FLENOUGH AND
CUTE
WE HAVE TO CHECK BACK WITH
GULIANA.
S
>> YOU KNOW YOU'LL HAVE A FRONT
ROW SEAT
SHE'S ALWAYS SO LOVELY TO TALK
TO
I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE HER ON THE
RED CARPET
IT IS OSCAR SUNDAY
THE STARS ARE BEGINS TO DESCEND
ON THE CARPET AND THIS NIGHT
WILL BE FULL OF SURPRISES
INCLUDING A SPECIAL SURPRISE FOR
KARAMO
DON'T MISS IT WHEN "LIVE WITH E"
RETURNS.
SURPRISE
WHO ARE YOU WEARING?
>> THANK YOU
I'M TRYING
DO A LITTLE SOMETHING.
GOT TO REPRESENT FOR YOU BOYS.
FASHION SHCHIC T-SHIRTS.
HE GETS THE TITLE.
LOOKING GORGEOUS
>> THIS IS FEELING SO GOOD
I WAS JUST WITH THEM
WE'RE SHOOTING "QUEER EYE" THIS
NEXT SEASON.
I WAS LIKE WHO ARE WE ZOOMING
HERE
NO WONDER NO ONE GAVE ME
INFORMATION.
>> THANK YOU
WE ARE THE GUYS KNOWN FOR TASTE
AND CLASS.
WHO DRO YOU THINK WILL LOOK THE
BEST
>> DON'T PUT ME ON THE SPOT.
VIOLA.
>> I'LL GO
I'LL GO.
I KNOW THAT KARAMO BROWN WILL
LOOK THE BEST.
>>REGINA KING NOMINATED.
>> SHE'S GOING TO PRESENT.
I LOVE YOU GUYS.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU IN
AUSTIN FOR A FEW DAYS.
I LOVE YOU
THAT MAKES ME SO GOOD.
>> LOVE YOU.
>> DON'T GO TO TOO MANY AFTER
PARTIES TONIGHT.
DRINK A LOT OF WATER
>> YOU GOT ME.
I LOVE YOU FOREVER FOR THAT.
>> SO GOOD
KARAMO. SO GOOD FLAP WAS SO MUCH
FUN.
HOLLYWOOD'S A LISTERS ARE
STARTING TO ARRIVE
YOU CAN FEEL THE AMAZING ENERGY
IN THE AIR
THIS NIGHT IS DEFINITELY WILL BE
ONE FOR THE HISTORY BOOKS.
WE'LL GIVE YOU A FRONT ROW SEAT
TO WITNESS THE ACTION.
LITERALLY.
AS SOON AS THE CELEBRITIES LIT
THE RED CARPET. THIS IS ONE OF
THE STOPS THEY WILL MAKE
THAT'S GOING BE SUPER EXCITING
PICTURES ARE RIGHT THERE AND
THEY COME OVER HERE.
WE'LL HAVE GREAT CONVERSATION.
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO THAT.
RIGHT NOW WE'LL CHECK IN WITH
OUR FASHION PANEL.
HEY. NINA.
>> I'M SO VERY EXCITED ABOUT
TONIGHT.
I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO SEEING
HOLLYWOOD'S BIGGEST. BRIGHTEST
STAR
WE GET TO SEE THEM LIVE AND IN
PERSON
JUST WATCHING PEOPLE BEHIND
GI
GIULIANA AND THE PEOPLE IN THE
BACKGROUNDS.
>> THAT WAS FUN.
>> IS IT A TIE
I CAN'T TELL
I LIKE IT.
>> CAN WE TALK ABOUT HOW
INCREDIBLE HE IS IN THE SOUND OF
METAL.
HE -- THAT PERFORMANCE IS JUST
LIKE IT'S HAEARTBREAKING
IT'S RIVETING.
IT'S SUCH A BEAUTIFUL
PERFORMANCE.
SUCH A GREAT FILM AS WELL.
SEEING THE STORY TOLD ABOUT
ADDICTION AND SEEING IT THROUGH
THE EYES OF NOT RELAPSE OF
SOMEBODY WHO IS LIKE REALLY
TRYING TO WHO IS STAYING SOBER
WITH VERY POWERFUL AS A SOBER
PERSON TO WATCH THAT
I LOVE HIS PERFORMANCE
I ALSO JUST LOVE THIS FILM AND
ALSO PAUL'S PERFORMANCE AS WELL.
GREAT. GREAT FILM.
>> I FEEL LIKE WE'LL BE HEARING
A LOT ABOUT "THE SOUND OF METAL"
TONIGHT AND THE STARS IN IT.
I'M GLAD HE WAS THE FIRST PERSON
WE SAW
>> ME TOO.
>> I THINK YOU HAVE TO BUY FLAIL
PAINT.
>> PUNK ROCK. BABY
>> WE HAVE A LOT STILL MORE TO
COME
MAKE SURE THAT YOU STAY TUNED.
>>> OUR NEXT GUEST HAS BEEN
ACTING FOR FOUR DECADES AND
TONIGHT HE CELEBRATES HIS FIRST
OSCAR NOMINATION AS A COACH IN
"SOUND OF METAL."
HI. YOU TWO.
>> GOOD MORNING.
>> IT'S GOOD TO BE SEEN.
>> "SOUND OF METAL."
ONE OF MY FAVORITE PICTURES OF
THE YEAR.
BEFORE WE GET INTO THE MOVIE. I
KNOW YOU'RE AGENT WHO HAPPENED
TO BE VERY BEAUTIFUL AND RIGHT
HERE.
YOUR AGENT. LONG TIME AGTS WHO I
IS YOUR WIFE.
SHE FOUGHT VERY HARD FOR YOU TO
GET THIS ROLE.
CAN YOU TELL ME A BIT ABOUT
THAT?
>> I GOT THE AUDITION. PUT IT ON
TAPE. SENT IT IN AND I FORGOT
ABOUT IT.
THAT'S HOW IT'S GONE FOR 40
YEARS.
THEN SHE DECIDED TO MAKE A
FOLLOW UP CALL AND ASKED THEM IF
THEY HAD SEEN IT.
THEY HAD TOO MANY.
THEY WERE UNUNDATED.
>> THEY WERE GOING TO START
LOOKING FOR A NAME FOR STAR.
>> SHE BEGGED THEM.
TEN MINUTES LATER THEY CALLED
AND SAID DARIUS. THE DIRECTOR IS
ON THE PHONE AND THE REST IS
LIKE HISTORY.
>> I KNOW YOUR FRIENDS SAID THEY
THOUGHT YOU WROTE THE SCREENPLAY
BECAUSE THERE WAS SO MANY
PARALLELS BETWEEN YOU AND YOUR
CHARACTER.
TELL ME ABOUT THAT.
>> I HAD BEEN WRITING A
SCREENPLAY FOR 40 YEARS.
EVERY GUY THAT SELLS FOOD OR
WAITER AND SO LITTLE DID I KNOW
THAT DARIUS WAS WRITING A SCRIPT
AT THE SAME TIME.
I TOOK MINE AND THREW IT IN THE
GARBAGE BECAUSE HE HAD DONE
EVERYTHING I NEEDED TO DO.
>> AS THE HEARING SON OF DEAF
PARENTS. TELL ME ABOUT "SOUND OF
METAL." I KNOW YOU SAID THEY
REALLY GOT IT RIGHT.
TELL US A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THAT.
>> HE WORKED ON IT FOR 14 YEARS.
HE VETTED IT WITH DEAF PEOPLE
ACROSS THE COUNTRY AND STILL HAD
A LEARNING CURVE AS WE STARTED
FILMING IT.
HAVING THREE DEAF ADVISERS ON
THE SET.
AND DEAF COMMUNITY HAS A SAYING.
NOTHING ABOUT US WITHOUT US.
HE WAS VERY INCLUSIVE IN THAT
WAY.
I THINK THAT'S WHAT HE DID
RIGHT.
SHOWING DEAF PEOPLE IN A DEAF
SOBER HOUSE. OF ALL THINGS.
THAT'S SOMETHING YOU WILL NEVER
SEE OR NEVER HAD SEEN.
THAT'S WHERE HE DID THE RIGHT
THING.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
LEST OF LUCK TONIGHT.
THANK YOU FOR JOINING US AS
WELL.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
MY PLEASURE.
SURE.
>> I GOT TO FIRST SAY THANK YOU
FOR EXPOSING US TO ASL.
IT'S SO GREAT.
I'M LEARNING ASL RIGHT NOW.
IT'S REALLY AMAZING.
IT IS.
JOINING ME ALSO RIGHT NOW IS
"ROTTEN TOMATOES" IS JACKELINE.
THERE'S SO MUCH THAT MAKES
TONIGHT SPECIAL AND UNIQUE
COMPARED TO PREVIOUS YEARS.
DO YOU THINK PAUL CAN UPSET
DANIEL KALUUYA?
>> HE'S IN THE FRONT-RUNNER.
THEY ALL TALK ABOUT PAUL EETS
PMPS AND HOW AS A JOURNEYMAN
THEY LOVE IT.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE WHAT ROLES
HE DOES AFTER THIS.
>> I APOLOGIZE FOR
MISPRONOUNCING HIS NAME.
LET'S GO OVER TO NINA.
>> IT'S A LOT OF NAMES TO
REMEMBER.
WE GET IT.
WE HAVE ALL BEEN THERE.
WE HAVE TALKED ABOUT BEST
SUPPORTING ACTORS.
IT'S TIME TO TALK ABOUT BEST
SUPPORTING ACTRESS.
LET'S DO THERE.
SHE'S THE BREAK OUT STAR IN THE
MOVIE AND THE RED CARPET.
I LOVE WHAT SHE'S DOING WITH HER
STYLIST.
I'M SURE TONIGHT WILL BE EPIC.
GLENN CLOSE IS A RED CARPET
STYLE ONICON.
I LOVE HER.
>> WHO DOESN'T?
>> LOVE GLENN.
SHE'S GOING TO GO GLAMOROUS BUT
IT WILL NOT BE A GOWN.
SHE'S IN LONDON TOO.
SHOOEGS CHANNELLED HOLLYWOOD
THIS ENTIRE SEASON.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE.
>> YES.
DON'T WE HAVE ONE MORE PERSON?
>> HOW CAN I FORGET HER?
>> WE HAVE ONE MORE PERSON.
>> ALTHOUGH SHE SAID IN HER
AWARDING SPEECH THAT SHE CALLED
ALL BRITS SNOBBISH. SHE'S SO EL
GENT
ELEGANT
ELEGANT. BEAUTIFUL.
>> JUST LIKE A KNOCK OUT
PERFORMANCE.
>> LISTEN. WE CANNOT WAIT TO SEE
WHAT LOOKS THESE BEST SUPPORTING
BASIC PRESSES BRING TO THE RED
CARPET.
LIVE FROM E IS THE ONLY PLACE TO
GET ALL THE INSIDE SCOOP ON ALL
OF OSCAR SUNDAY.
WE'LL BRING YOU ACTION AND
FASHION.
WE'RE BRINGING YOU GLITZ AND
GLAM.
MAKE SURE YOU STAY WITH US.
>>> WELCOME BACK.
WE'RE LIVE ON E.
CELEBRATING THE OFFICIAL RETURN
OF THE RED CARPET.
WE'RE TALKING TO ALL OF YOUR
FAVORITE CELEBS AS THEY ARRIVE.
WE'RE BRINGING YOU ALL THE
ACTION AND FASHION ALL NIGHT
LONG.
I THINK RIGHT NOW WHAT WE WANT
TO DO IS TALK A BIT ABOUT SOCIAL
MEDIA. SHALL WE?
>> PLEASE.
>> PEOPLE ARE POSTING ALREADY.
REESE WITHERSPOON JUST POSTED A
LITTLE SOMETHING SOMETHING.
IT'S OSCAR SUNDAY.
LOOKS LIKE SHE'S TAKING IT A
LITTLE CASUAL.
>> I THINK SHE'S ON ZOOM.
>> YEAH. RIGHT.
LAURA DERN IS SWABBING HER OWN
NOSE FOR OSCAR PREP.
>> CAN YOU BELIEVE HOW FAMILIAR
THAT LOOKS NOW?
SHE HAS A KQ TIP TO HER NOSE.
>> ALSO GLENN CLOSE.
I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING NOW.
YOU HAVE TO TELL ME WHAT SHE'S
DOING.
>> I THINK SHE'S IN HAIR AND
MAKEUP.
I KNOW THE LOOK SHE WILL BE
WEARING LATER.
SHE'S GETTING SOMETHING ON HER
FEET.
THE BEST THING TO DO TO NUMB
YOUR FEET PAIN.
IT WORKS.
ANYONE WEARING HEELS.
>> MY FEET STILL HURT FROM THE
LAST TIME I WORE HEELS.
>> THAT'S WHY WE SITTING IN
THESE CHAIRS NOW. CHILD.
LET'S GO OVER TO THE RED CARPET
AND SEE WHAT ELSE IS GOING ON.
G. WHAT'S HAPPENING?
>> ANYMY NEXT GUEST EARNED HER 1
OSCAR THIS YEAR.
IT'S HIT SONGWRITER. DIANE
WARREN.
>> GREAT TO SEE YOU.
>> I LOVE YOUR SONG.
IT WAS WRITTEN WITH LAURA
MAUSINI.
>> I DIDN'T QUITE WORK IN AN
ITALIAN MOVIE.
>> I REACHED OUT TO LAURA.
>> LAW PAUSINI.
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
>> YOU'LL BE ABLE TO KNOW WHAT
SHE'S SAYING.
>> YES. EXACTLY.
>> TELL ME ABOUT THAT PROCESS.
IT'S A VERY DIFFERENT PROCESS
FOR YOU.
>> THE PROCESS WASN'T THAT
DIFFERENT.
I GOT REALLY INSPIRED BY READING
A SCRIPT AND IT'S EASY TO BE
INSPIRED BY SUCH A BEAUTIFUL
STORY.
I WROTE THE SONG AND I JUST
LOVED THE LINE. I WANT YOU TO
KNOW YOU'RE SEEN IS A SIMPLE
LINE.
IT'S VERY MEANINGFUL.
WE ARE LIVING IN A TIME WHERE
PEOPLE DON'T FEEL SEEN AND FEEL
INVISIBLE.
ONCE LAURA WAS ON BOARD.
>> THAT IS WHAT WAS DIFFERENT
ABOUT IT.
YOU WROTE IT IN ENGLISH AND LAW
LAURA TRANSLATED.
>> YEAH.
>> I THINK IT'S THE FIRST TIME
AN ITALIAN SONG HAS BEEN
NOMINATED.
I'M NOT GOING TO LIE. I'D LIKE
TO WIN FINALLY.
YOU NEVER KNOW.
OH. MY GOSH.
THAT'S MY SONG OVER THERE.
>> YOU CAN SAY HELLO.
WE LOVE IT.
>> SPEAKING OF. YOU SAID I LOVE
TO WIP.
WE TALKED ABOUT THIS BEFORE.
YOU'VE BEEN NOMINATED MANY TIMES
AND IN SEARCH OF THE OSCAR.
I WANT TO READ THIS.
THIS IS THE FAKE DATING PROFILE
THAT YOU CREATED WHERE YOU SAID
YOU LIKE THEM SHORT. SMALL.
SMOOTH AND GOLDEN.
IS OSCAR GOING TO SWIPE RIGHT
TONIGHT?
SDPLI
>> I HOPE HE SWIPES RIGHT.
IS THAT THE GOOD ONE?
I HAVEN'T BEEN ON THERE.
>> I HAVEN'T EITHER.
I'M MARRIED.
THAT'S WHAT THE KIDS SAY.
>> I'D LOVE TO MEET HIM.
I THINK WE'LL GET ALONG AND HAVE
A BEAUTIFUL LIFE TOGETHER.
>> DIANE. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
IT'S ALWAYS SO GREAT TO SEE YOU.
HAVE FUN TONIGHT.
BEST OF LUCK.
>> THANK YOU.
>> BYE.
NINA. OVER TO YOU.
>> YES. GIRL. YOU WANT THEM TO
SWIPE RIGHT. NOT LEFT.
YOU GET LEFT. IT MIGHT BE NUMBER
13.
SHE WAS GREAT.
>> SHE WAS AMAZING.
>> I LOVE THE SILVER TURTLE NECK
WITH THE SUIT OVER THE TOP.
>> A LOT OF GLITTER.
I THINK WE MIGHT -- I KNOW YOU
WERE SAYING RED WILL BE A LIT.
I THINK WE'LL SEE A LOT OF
SHINY.
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN IN THE HOUSE.
PEOPLE WANT TO BE SPARKLY.
>> YEAH.
>> RIGHT.
FULL CONFESSION. I HAVE BEEN
SEARCHING FOR A SEQUIN TURTLE
NECK ONLINE BECAUSE THIS IS LIKE
A WHOLE TREND HAPPENING.
DAN LEVY WORE VALENTINO COUTURE.
I JUST NEED TO DO IT.
NOW DIANE WARREN IS DOING IT.
>> HAVE YOU FOUND IT YET?
>> NO. GIRL.
>> WE GOT TO JUST MAKE IT THEN.
>> NINA PARKER FOR MACY'S.
IT'S A ONE OFF TURTLE NECK.
>> WE'LL SQUEEZE YOU IN IN.
I PROMISE YOU.
>> ALL RIGHT.
RIGHT NOW WE ARE GOING TO GO
OVER TO KARAMO.
>> YOU GOING TO SKEEZQUEEZE ME I
THERE BECAUSE I LOVE THE NINA
PARKER FROM MACY'S.
PLUG. BABY.
DO WE THINK SHE'LL WIN?
THIS IS NUMBER 11.
>> 12.
THIS IS MAKING HER THE SUSAN
LUCCI OF ORIGINAL SONGS.
"HOW DO AI LIVE."
"I HAD THE TIME OF MY LIFE."
I'M NOT GOING TO LIE. I THINK
LESLIE WILL BE TAKING IT HOME.
>> WHEN YOU SAY ALL OF DIANE'S
SONGS. IT BRINGS BACK THESE
AMAZING MEMORIES OF MY LIFE.
WE ALL KNOW ABOUT THOSE SONGS.
WE'LL TRY FIGURE IT OUT.
THE OSCARS WILL BE STARTING
SOON.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK
>>> WELCOME BACK.
I LET DIANE WARREN GET AWAY.
WE'RE SO BUSY TALKING ABOUT YOUR
BEAUTIFUL SONGS. WE'RE SO
BEAUTIFUL TALKING ABOUT THE
QUEST FOR OSCAR THAT I LET YOU
GO AND DIDN'T ASK WHO THIS
AMAZING TUXEXDO IS BY.
>> VALENTINO.
LAURA GOES VALENTINO WILL DRESS
YOU.
IVE NEVER BEEN DRESSED BEFORE.
I HAVE A BLACK SUIT WITH THE
SAME FROG ON IT.
>> YOU'RE CHANGING FOR THE
PERFORMANCE IN A LITTLE BIT?
>> YEAH.
>> THIS IS STUNNING.
REALLY BEAUTIFUL.
I LET YOU GO AND THEY WERE TALK
ABOUT HOW AMAZING THIS LOOK IS.
I SAID I GOT TO GET DIANE BACK
HERE.
THANK YOU FOR COMING BACK.
>> I WAS JUST RIGHT THERE.
>> NO. NO. IT WAS VERY
THOUGHTFUL.
THANK YOU.
EVERYTHING VALENTION.
LOVE IT.
BEAUTIFUL.
GETTING ALL THE FASHION SCOOP
HERE.
BRAD. ARE YOU LOVING IT RIGHT
NOW?
>> YEAH BECAUSE FIRST OF ALL.
THAT COLLECTION IS SO INSANE.
I'M LIKE I'M DYING TO GET MY
HANDS ON ONE OF THOSE TURTLE
NECKS.
SHE LOOKS AMAZING.
THAT'S SUCH A GREAT WAY TO SHOW
UP APT THE OST OSCARS AND I'M A
OF HER SONGS.
>> ME TOO.
I JUST WANTED TO SET THE TONE
EARLY ON IN THE SHOW THAT WE'RE
GOING TO GET THE ANSWERS YOU
GUYS WANT.
ALL THE ANSWERS HOWEVER WE HAVE
TO DO IT.
>> SHE WAS JUST RIGHT THERE.
SHE'S LIKE I GOT HER BACK HER.
SHE WAS LIKE I WAS RIGHT THERE.
YOU YELLED DIANE AND I CAME
BACK.
>> SHE WAS IN MIDDLE OF AN
INTERVIEW AND PER PUBLICIST AND
I WAS LIKE IS THERE ANY WAY WE
COULD DO ANOTHER QUICK INTERVIEW
WITH DIANE.
>> OF COURSE.
>> SHE WAS NEARBY.
>> YES.
>> I LOVE YOU FOR GETTING THAT
SCOOP.
>> IF YOU NEED ANYTHING ELSE.
I'M HERE.
>> WE DO.
>> JUST LET ME KNOW.
>> ANY FASHION CRED YOU CAN GET
US THAT HAVEN'T COME IN. LET US
KNOW.
LOOKS SO FUN DOWN THERE.
>> WE'RE GOING TO CHECK IN WITH
KARAMO.
>> I LOVE HOW BRAD TROLLS ALL OF
US.
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS HERE.
DIANE DOES LOOK AMAZING.
WE'RE BREAKING DOWN THE BIGGEST
KATS GOIR
KATS GOIRS OF THE FLIGHT.
ONE OF THE MOST EXCITEING IS BES
ACTOR CATEGORY.
>> I GAVE HER A SONG SHE DIDN'T
WRITE BECAUSE I THINK SHE WROTE
EVERYTHING.
SHE WROTE NEWSICMUSIC TO MY HEAR
NOT THE TIME OF MY LIFE.
CHADWICK BOSEMAN AND GARY OLDMAN
FOR MANK.
THIS WILL BE SUCH AN INCREDIBLE
EVENING AND ANTHONY HOPKINS
MIGHT MAKE HISTORY AS THE OLDEST
NOMINEE TO WIN.
THEY WILL MAKE NEWS.
>> RUNNING THE COMPETITION IS
GARY OLDMAN WHO IS NOMINATED FOR
"MANK."
HE WILL TOLD DANIEL DAY LEWIS.
ALL LEADING MEN DID WONDERFUL
AND DESERVING.
WHAT ARE YOUR PREDICTIONS.
I GOT TO KNOW.
>> SO FAR IT'S REALLY BEEN
CHADWICK SORT OF THEME THIS
YEAR.
HE'S REALLY RUN AWAY WITH IT
WITH THE CRITICS CLOISHOICE.
IT'S NOT JUST BECAUSE OF LEGACY.
HE REALLY EARNED IT WITH THIS
PERFORMANCE.
THIS BEING HIS FIRST TIME BEING
NOMINATED FOR OSCAR DESPITE HIS
INCREDIBLE PERFORMANCES
THROUGHOUT HIS CAREER.
>> NEXT UP. RIZ AHMED IS MAKING
DOUBLE HISTORY AS THE FIRST TWO
ASIAN TO BE NOMINATED.
RIZ SPENT CLOSE TO A YEAR
LEARNING SIGN LANGUAGE AND HOW
TO BE A DRUMMER FOR THERE ROLE.
THAT'S SOME SERIOUS COMMITMENT.
DEFINITELY A TOUGH CATEGORY.
WE'LL WILL TUNING IN TO SEE WHO
TAKES HOME THE OSCAR BUT ALL
EYES ARE ON THE RED CARPET.
WE'RE BRINGING YOU ALL THE
ACTION WHEN LIVE FROM E RETURNS.
GOING BE A GOOD NIGHT.
>> I KNOW.
>>> WELCOME BACK THE LIVE ON E
ON OSCAR SUNDAY.
THERE'S SO MUCH ACTION ON THE
RED CARPET PUBUT A LOT OF LOYAL
HOLLYWOOD A LISTERS HAVE BEEN
DEBUTING THEIR LOOKS ON SOCIAL
MEDIA.
TAKE A LOOK AT ALISON BRIE.
YOU GUYS HAVE THOUGHTS?
>> SHE GOT A LITTLE PERSONALIZED
CASHMERE SWEATER THERE.
>> I LIKE IT.
>> SHE'S GREAT IN THE FILM.
>> I THINK IT'S CUTE.
I'M HERE FOR IT.
>> I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE HER LOOK.
>> WHO WE HAVE NEXT IS MARIA
FROM --
>> OH.
BEAUTIFUL.
>> IT'S CUSTOM DRESS IN SILK
SATIN AND FRENCH TOOL WITH A
DEEP V NECKLINE.
WE SEE THAT.
TAILORED CLASSIC.
IT'S EMBROIDERED WITH WHITE
CRYSTALS AND TWO DIFFERENT SIZES
OF BEADS.
>> WHITE SEEMS TO BE BIG TREND.
>> 100 METERS.
THE SKIRT IS ENTIRELY RUFFLED
AND LAYERED BY HAND.
>> WE'LL SEE A LOOK LATER.
>> WE'LL SEE A LOOK.
>> NAILED IT.
>> BEAUTIFUL.
>> I LOVE THAT YOU CAN TEXT
THESE PEOPLE.
>> MY PHONE IS THIS SLOW.
>> I'M SAYING YOU HAVE ACCESS TO
THINGS THAT THE REST OF US HAVE
TO GOOGLE. GIRL.
WE GOT TO GO OVER TO KARAMO.
>> YOU READY THIS?
>> I'M READY.
>> WE KNOW THE NOMINEES.
SHE PLAYS THE GRANDMOTHER IN MAN
"MINARI.
I GOT TO GIVE IT UP FOR OLIVIA
COALMAN
COLEMAN FOR HER OSCAR WIN.
THIS IS FILM WITH AN UNRELIABLE
NARRATER.
I LOVE HER.
DID YOU GET CHANCE TO SEE THE
FAVORITE?
>> I DID.
SO GOOD.
>> ALSO WE HAVE MISS GLENN CLOSE
COMEING IN FOR HER NEXT
NOMINATION. NUMBER EIGHT.
SHE'S ALSO NOMINATED FOR A
RAZZI.
WE WANT TO SEE HER TAKE IT HOME.
I DON'T THINK IT WILL BE
TONIGHT.
MARIA. THAT LOOK.
CHA
WHAT DID YOU THINK OF THAT
DRESS?
>> IT WAS GIVING ME VANITY FAIR.
YOU'RE RIGHT. WHITE IS IN
TONIGHT.
>> SHE MADE A TON OF HEADLINES.
>> SHE'S BEEN DOING IT RIGHT ALL
SEASON.
I'M EXCITED FOR HER TONIGHT.
WE'LL BE SEEING VERY SOON.
NINA OVER TO YOU.
>> LET'S TALK ABOUT BEST SONG
NOMINEE. TIANA THOMAS.
THIS LOOK SHE HAS ON THE RED
CARPET.
WE WERE ALL GAG OVER THIS LOOK.
>> INCREDIBLE.
>> SHE LOOKS INCREDIBLE.
>> WHITE AGAIN.
>> IT'S WINNING TONIGHT.
>> COMING WITH HER BEHIND HER.
THIS LOOK WITH THE PLUNGING
DETAILS. THE NECKLINE.
THAT DIAMOND.
>> THAT DIAMOND.
BEYOND THAT. THE POSING.
GIVING FACE.
>> THE AMPHETAMINE TERSFEATHERS
ARE A NICE TOUCH.
>> I THINK WHEN SHE TAKES OFF
THAT JACKET. WE'LL SEE MORE
DETAIL.
SHE LOOKS PHENOMENAL.
LET'S HEAD BACK OVER TO GIULIANA
OVER ON THE RED CARPET.
>> WE FIRST FELL IN LOVE WITH
HIM AS GLEN ON THE WALKING DEAD.
I'M SO EXCITED ABOUT THIS.
STEPHEN IS JOINING US.
MINARA IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE
MOVIES.
IT'S A MOVIE THAT STAY TSS WITH
YOU.
YOU PLAY JACOB WHO IS A KOREAN
IMMIGRANT FARMER WHO MOVES HIS
FAMILY TOLL A FARM A FARM IN ARK
YOU SAID IT HELPED YOU
RE-EXAMINE YOUR HONE CHILDHOOD?
>> YEAH.
I HAVE MY OWN KIDS.
WHEN YOU HAVE YOUR OWN CHILDREN
THINK THEY HELP YOU RE-EXAMINE
OUGHT THINGS YOU THOUGHT YOU
REMEMBERED.
IT WAS REFRESHING TO SEE MY
PARENTS GENERATION THROUGH CLEAR
EYES.
>> SPEAKING OF YOUR PARENTS. YOU
KNOW YOU JOKE THAT YOU'RE STILL
SEARCH FOR YOUR MOTHER'S
APPROVAL
APPROVAL.
YOU SAID IS MOM WATCHING TONIGHT
AND DOES MOM APPROVE.
YOU'RE HERE ON THE OSCARS RED
CARPET. NOMINATED.
>> MY NO. MA'AM HAS BEEN SO
SUPPORTIVE AND SO LOVING AND
SHE'S ACTUALLY AT HOME WATCHING
OUR CHILDREN.
>> SHE IS?
>> SHE CAME.
SHE MADE IT OUT HERE.
WE'RE REALLY THANKFUL AND
BLESSED TO HAVE THE PARENTS HERE
AND THE GRANDPARENTS.
LOOKING FORWARD TO TALKING TO
HER ABOUT IT.
>> DO YOU WANT TO SAY HELLO.
MAYBE SHE'S WATCHING LIVE.
>> I LOVE YOU.
>> THIS MOVIE IS SO SPECIAL TO
SO MANY PEOPLE.
HOW DID THIS FEEL KNOWING THAT
SO MANY PEOPLE HAVE EMBRACED
THIS FILM?
>> IT FEELS REALLY WONDERFUL.
I THINK IT'S A TESTAMENT TO
ISAAC'S INCREDIBLE WRITING.
WE ALL TRY TO TELL SOMETHING
HONEST AND TRUE FROM THE
HUMANITY THAT WE ALL SHARE.
I'M GLAD IT'S CONNECTING.
>> WE'RE SO HAPPY. WHAT ARE YOU
FEELING RIGHT NOW IN.
>> I HAVEN'T BEEN OUTSIDE IN
YEAR.
I'VE BEEN OUTSIDE BUT TO SEE YOU
AND ALL THESE PEOPLE IS KIND OF
STRANGE.
I JUST DID AN INTERVIEW LIVE
FIVE SEXDS BEFORE THIS WHERE I
STUMBLED THROUGH THE WHOLE THING
BECAUSE I HAVEN'T TALKED TO
PEOPLE IN LONG TIME.
THIS IS CRAZY.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT. MAYBE THAT WAS
A LITTLE WARM UP BECAUSE YOU
WERE PERFECTION IN THIS
INTERVIEW.
>> PERFECTION.
SUCH A PLEASURE TO TALK TO.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
BEST OF LUCK TONIGHT.
>> THANK YOU.
>> ALL RIGHT.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK LIVE ON E.
>>> WELCOME BACK TO LIVE ON E.
MY NEXT GUEST HAS TWO CHANCES TO
WIN AN OSCAR TONIGHT.
IT'S LESLIE ODAM JUNIOR.
SO GOOD TO SEE YOU.
>> GOOD TO SEE YOU.
THERE IS NOT YOUR FIRST TIME.
>> NOT MY FIRST.
MAYBE MY 19th OR 20th.
I NEED AN HOUR INTERVIEW WITH
YOU BECAUSE WE HAVE SO MUCH TO
TALK ABOUT.
GOLDEN GLOBES.
WE CHATTED ON ZOOM.
SINCE THE GLOBES. SOMETHING HAS
CHANGED.
A LOT HAS CHANGED.
YOU JUST WELCOMED A FOUR WEEK
OLD.
>> BABY BOY.
HE WAS FOUR WEEKS WHEN HE WAS
BORN.
HE'S BIGGER.
SDP
>> YOU'RE RIGHT.
HE'S FOUR WEEKS.
>> IT'S AMAZING.
HE'S THE SWEETEST.
HE'S A DREAM BABY.
WE'RE ENJOYING EVERY SECOND.
>> YOU HAVE A LITTLE GIRL WHO
JUST TURNED FOUR.
>> YEAH.
>> SO KPIETSEXCITING TOO.
>> GIRL.
>> PARENTS NIGHT OUT.
>> IT'S PARENTS NIGHT OUT.
A LITTLE DATE NIGHT TONIGHT.
>> IT'S DAETTE NIGHT.
YOU SAID WHEN YOU WERE MAKING
"ONE NIGHT IN MIAMI" YOU GOT
GOOSE BUMPS.
YOU SAID IT WAS UNLIKE ANY OTHER
EXPERIENCE.
TELL US ABOUT THAT.
>> IT REMINDED ME OF THE
THEATER.
IT'S ONLY AN EXPERIENCE I HAVE
GOTTEN IN THE THEATER AND MAYBE
IT'S BECAUSE THE SHOW STARTED.
KENT POWERS WROTE THIS AS A
PLAY.
I THINK IT'S PLAY FIVE
CONFIDENCE ALREADY.
GETTING TO ARGUE WITH HIM A BIT.
IT WAS MAMGICGIC IN THE ROOM.
>> YOU AND REGINA KING ARE
CLOSE.
WHEN YOU SEE HER TONIGHT --
>> SHE'S GETTING HUGGED.
THAT'S WHAT I CAN TELL YOU.
I HAVEN'T SEEN HER SINCE THE
FILM CAME OUT.
IT'S BEEN A STRANGE BUT
WONDERFUL TIME.
THE FACT WE HAVE GONE THROUGH
WHAT WE HAVE GONE THROUGH BUT
CELEBRATE THE WHOLE TIME HAS
BEEN SO SPECIAL.
>> YOU'RE IN THE OSCAR RECORD
BOOKS AS THE FIRST MAN TO GET
NOMINATED FOR SONG WRITE AND
ACTING IN THE SAME YEAR.
WHAT WOULD YOU TELL LESLIE WHO
ALMOST QUIT ACTING ONCE UPON A
TIME.
>> DON'T DO IT.
HANG IN IT.
I ALMOST QUIT RIGHT BEFORE IT
GOT GOOD.
I WOULD TELL HIM TO DO WHAT HE
DID.
HA HE DID WAS HE REACHED OUT.
WHEN YOU FEEL LONELY. WHEN YOU
FEEL DEPRESSED LIKE YOU NEED
HELP TO TAKE ANOTHER STEP. REACH
OUT TO SOMEBODY TO HELP YOU TAKE
THE NEXT STEP.
>> SOMEONE WHO HELPED YOU KEEP
ONGOING.
>> MY FATHER-IN-LAW.
I MET WITH HIM AT MARIE
CALLENDAR AND OVER CHICKEN POT
PIE. HE HELPED ME NOT QUIT ON
MYSELF.
>> WE'RE SO HAPPY TO SEE THE TWO
OF YOU.
CONGRATULATIONS ON SO MANY
THINGS.
PROFESSIONALLY AND PERSONALLY AS
WELL.
THANK YOU FOR STOPPING BY.
>> THANKS FOR MAKING TIME.
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
>> SPEAKING OF. WHO ARE YOU
WEARING TONIGHT?
ENOUGH ABOUT MY DRESS.
WHO ARE YOU TWO WEARING TONIGHT?
>> I'M THE LUCKY MAN.
I'M WEARING CARTIER JEWELRY AND
OMEGA WATCH.
>> WHO ARE YOU WEARING?
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
THE TWO OF YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
>> WE FEEL LUCKY.
WE'RE NORMALLY IN SWEAT PANTS
WITH SPIT UP ALL OVER US.
THIS IS A BIG STEP FORWARD.
>> THIS IS GREAT DATE NIGHT.
>> BEST OF LUCK.
SO NICE TO SEE YOU.
GOOD NIGHT. YOU GUYS.
HAVE FUN.
>> WE'RE GOING TO GO BACK TO
NINA AT THE HOLLYWOOD ROOSEVELT
HOTEL.
>> I DIDN'T KNOW CHICKEN POT PIE
COULD SOOTH THE SOUL LIKE THAT.
I'M SO HAPPY FOR HIM AND
NICOLETTE.
JUST HAD A BABY FOUR WEEKS AGO.
HOW FANTASTIC DOES SHE LOOK.
>> AMAZING.
>> AS A MOTHER. THIS IS
IMPOSSIBLE.
HOW DID SHE LOOK THIS AMAZING IN
THIS GORGEOUS DRESS?
AND JUST SO HAPPY.
AND THE TWO OF THEM TOGETHER.
>> THEY'RE GLOWING.
>> THAT TUX. INCREDIBLE.
>> WE WERE WONDERING -- I KNOW
YOU SAID HE'S BEEN DOING A LOT
OF COLOR.
I DIDN'T EXPECT GOLD. SO I'M
SUPEREXCITED TO SEE IT.
>> HE'S ONE OF MY NEW STYLE
CRUSHES.
I LOVE EVERYTHING HE'S DOING
WITH HIS STYLIST AND THEY ARE
JUST TURNING IT OUT.
THEY'VE HAD SUCH A GREAT AWARD
SEASON RUN.
AND THIS IS OBVIOUSLY THE CHERRY
ON THE ICE CREAM SUN DE.
IT IS GORGEOUS AND SHE IS
STUNNING.
>> JUST THE EPITOME OF BLACK
EXCELLENCE.
I LOVE SEEING THEM DAY IN AND
DAY OUT.
>> NINA. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
OUR NEXT GUEST MADE "PROMISING
YOUNG WOMAN" AND BECAME THE
FIRST BRITISH FEMALE TO BE
NOMINATED FOR BEST DIRECTOR.
SHE HAS THREE NOMINATIONS.
INCLUDING WRITING AND PRODUCING.
IT'S EMERALD FADELL.
YOU ARE LOOKING BEAUTIFUL THIS
EVENING.
>> THANK YOU.
>> I SAW YOU COMING OVER.
YOU'RE VERY EXCITED.
IT SEEMED LIKE YOU WERE JUST
OWNING THE RED CARPET. ENJOYING
EVERY SECOND OF IT.
>> WELL. IT'S JUST -- I MEAN.
IT'S NOT EVERY DAY YOU GET TO
WALK THE OSCARS RED CARPET.
SO. I FEEL LIKE. YEAH. IT'S THE
MOST EXCITING DAY OF MY LIFE.
>> EMERALD. THERE'S BEEN SUCH
INCREDIBLE FEEDBACK AROUND YOUR
FILM.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN TO YOU AND
WHAT IS SOME OF THE FEEDBACK
THAT MAYBE HAS STAYED WITH YOU?
>> IT'S JUST HONESTLY IT'S ALL
BEEN INCREDIBLE.
AND I JUST NEVER EXPECTED --
NONE OF US EXPECTED -- WE MADE
THIS MOVIE IN 23 DAYS.
WE NEVER EXPECTED IT TO GET TO
THE STAGE.
I THINK WHAT'S BEEN SO MOVING IS
PEOPLE'S CANDOR AND THE
CONVERSATIONS IT'S OPENED UP FOR
LOTS OF PEOPLE.
IT'S JUST ALL BEEN REALLY
OVERWHELMING BUT IN A VERY
POSITIVE WAY.
>> AND YOUR STAR IN THE FILM IS
CAREY MULLIGAN.
WE KNOW CAREY IS A BRILLIANT AK
STRESS.
>> SHE'S SO GOOD BUT SHE'S ALSO
INCREDIBLY FUNNY.
THAT'S THE THING.
I THINK DRAMATIC ACTORS RARELY
GET TO BE FUNNY AND SHE IS
DYNAMITE AT COMEDY.
>> A LOT OF WRITERS HAVE THEIR
GO-TO THING THEY GO TO TO GET IN
THAT WRITING ZONE. A CERTAIN
PLAYLIST. A CERTAIN TIME OF THE
DAY THEY WRITE.
WHAT IS YOURS SF?
>> MINE IS LISTENING TO BRITNEY
SPEARS.
>> REALLY?
>> AND EATING PIZZA OUT OF A BIN
BECAUSE I'VE RUN OUT OF OF FOOD.
THAT SORT OF VIBE.
>> I'M OBSESSED.
BRITNEY AND PIZZA.
>> BRITNEY AND GARBAGE PIZZA.
>> THROUGHOUT THIS AWARD SEASON.
YOU'VE BEEN CREATING THESE FUN
CHARACTER DESCRIPTIONS.
EXPLAINING WHAT LOOK YOU'RE
SERVING ON THAT PARTICULAR RED
CARPET.
YOU GUYS HAVE TO SEE THESE
DESCRIPTIONS.
THEY'RE SO FUNNY.
WHAT LOOK ARE WE DESCRIBING
TONIGHT?
>> SO. TONIGHT I AM SUSAN. YOUR
POTTERY TEACHER WHO HAS A
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU.
WHICH IS ABSOLUTELY NOT A
PYRAMID SCHEME.
>> I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I LOVE THAT YOU JUST COME UP
WITH THIS ON THE SPOT.
LOVE IT SO MUCH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
BEST OF LUCK TONIGHT.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> YOU ARE AMAZING. SO TALENTED.
WHAT'S NEXT FOR YOU BEFORE I LET
YOU GO.
I FAUX HAD YOU HAVE A LOT OF
PROJECTS IN THE WORKS.
>> WE ARE ABOUT TO START
REHEARSALS ON CINDERELLA.
IT'S HEAVEN.
>> I BET IT IS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> HAVE A LOVELY EVENING.
>> YOU TOO.
>>> THERE ARE SOME PEOPLE WHO
CAN SAY ANYTHING AND IT SOUNDS
COMING TO YOU LIVE FROM THE
OSCARS RED CARPET.
HE IS THE YOUNG STAR OF THE FILM
WHO STOLE YOUR HEART.
IT'S CHRISTINA OH AND ALLEN KIM
JOINING ME.
SO GOOD TO SEE YOU TOO.
>> NICE TO SEE YOU TOO.
>> CHRISTINA. I HAVE TO SAY YOU
ASSEMBLED THIS WORLD FAMOUS
CAST.
HOW DID YOU FIND THIS YOUNG
SUPERSTAR RIGHT HERE?
>> WE HAVE AN AMAZING CAST AND
DIRECTOR BY THE NAME OF JULIA
KIM.
SHE DID A NATIONWIDE. ALMOST
GLOBALWIDE SEARCH TO FIND OUR
DAVID CHARACTER.
AND WHEN ISAAC AND I SAW LITTLE
ALLEN'S TAPE. WE SAID THIS IS
THE KID.
THIS IS THE KID.
THAT'S HOW IT HAPPENED.
>> I BET.
ALLEN.
>> YEAH?
>> WHAT WAS YOUR FAVORITE PART
OF WORKING ON THIS MOVIE?
>> ALMOST EVERYTHING.
I JUST LOVED EVERYTHING.
>> YOU LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT
IT.
>> YEAH.
>> I BET.
IT WAS A GREAT EXPERIENCE.
>> YEAH.
>> YOU JUST TURNED NINE THE
OTHER DAY.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
>> THANK YOU.
>> I KNOW THAT YOU WANTED A
BIKE.
DID YOU GET THE BIKE FOR YOUR
BIRTHDAY?
>> YES.
>> YOU DID.
>> AWESOME.
HOW WAS YOUR BIRTHDAY?
>> IT WAS REALLY GOOD.
>> WHAT WERE SOME OF THE BEST
PARTS OF YOUR BIRTHDAY?
>> I MOSTLY STAYED INSIDE BUT I
WENT OUT FOR DINNER.
AND I GOT A FITBIT. A FITBIT FOR
KIDS.
>> YES!
I JUST GOT MY SON ONE TOO.
THOSE ARE SO COOL.
THEY TRACK YOUR STEPS.
THEY DO ALL SORTS OF STUFF.
>> YEAH.
AND THEN A NEW BIKE. OBVIOUSLY.
AND I GOT A NEW iPAD.
IT WAS A iPAD MINI5 AND THAT WAS
REALLY COOL.
>> I BET.
THAT'S SOME REALLY GOOD GIFTS
THERE.
GREAT GIFTS.
>> YEAH.
>> CHRISTINA. THIS MOVIE IS JUST
SO BEAUTIFUL.
>> THANK YOU.
>> AND I MOVED TO THIS COUNTRY
WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL. AND I
SHARED A ROOM WITH A GRANDMOTHER
FOR A FEW YEARS WHO CAME OVER TO
THE STATES FROM ITALY.
AND I KNOW THAT YOU PROBABLY
HEAR THIS A LOT FROM PEOPLE.
THAT SO MANY PEOPLE CAN RELATE
TO THIS MOVIE AND SO MANY PEOPLE
HAVE EMBRACED THIS MOVIE.
HOW DOES THAT MAKE YOU FEEL?
>> HONESTLY. HEARING STORIES
LIKE THAT ARE THE MOST MOVING TO
ME. AND IT MAKES ME VERY PROUD
OF BEING INVOLVED IN THIS FILM.
IT MIRRORS MY OWN CHILDHOOD WITH
MY GRANDMA LIVING WITH US AND
SPENDING EIGHT LOT
SPENDING A LOT OF TIME WITH HER.
IT'S THE REASON WE TELL THESE
STORIES.
AT FIRST WE JUST SET OUT TO MAKE
A MOVIE BECAUSE IT'S SO MOVING
AND ISAAC'S SCRIPT WAS SO
MEANINGFUL.
AFTER HEARING THE STORIES FROM
PEOPLE LIKE YOU AND HOW YOU
CONNECT TO IT. IT HAS BEEN A
HUMBLING EXPERIENCE.
I'M VERY. VERY GRATEFUL TO YOU
FOR WATCHING THE FILM.
>> WE'RE GRATEFUL TO YOU.
I KNOW EVERYONE WATCHING AT HOME
LOVES THE MOVIE.
IT'S JUST A SPECIAL MOVIE.
BEFORE I LET THE TWO OF YOU GO.
ALLEN. THIS IS YOUR FIRST
OSCARS.
A LOT OF NOMINEES AND PRESENTERS
ARE GOING TO BE HERE TONIGHT.
ANYONE YOU'RE LOOKING FORWARD TO
SEEING?
>> NO. NOT REALLY.
I'M FINE WITH ANYBODY.
>> YOU'RE JUST HAPPY TO SEE
EVERYONE?
>> YES.
>> HOW ABOUT YOUR CAST MATES
THOUGH?
I BET YOU REALLY WANT TO SEE
THEM AGAIN?
>> YES.
>> ARE YOU EXCITED TO SEE STEVEN
AND NEIL?
>> UH-HUH.
>> I BET.
YOU LOOK THE PART THOUGH.
YOU LOOK FOR HANDSOME FOR THE
OSCAR RED CARPET.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
WE APPRECIATE IT AGAIN.
>> OF COURSE.
>> THANKS FOR COMING BY AND
TALKING TO US.
BYE.
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
SEE YOU.
>> HE'S TRYING TO GET BACK TO
THAT iPAD AND THAT FITBIT.
HE'S NOT WORRIED ABOUT US.
>> HE DIDN'T WANT TO SEE ANYONE.
>> I LOVE ALLEN.
HE IS THE CUTEST.
I LOVE HIM.
>> HE'S INCREDIBLE IN THE FILM.
>> YES.
>> JUST ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.
HE'S ACTUALLY BEEN DRESSED BY
TOM BROWN FOR ALMOST ALL OF
AWARD SEASON.
HE'S WEARING TOM BROWN AGAIN
TONIGHT.
>> IT'S SO AGE APPROPRIATE TOO.
IT'S JUST THE CUTEST WITH HIS
LITTLE SHORTS.
>> IT IS.
>> THERE'S NO JOKE BEING DRESSED
BY TOM BROWN.
THAT KID'S GOT A FASHION FUTURE
IF NOTHING.
WOW.
>> HE GOT A BIKE. A FITBIT. iPAD
AND CUSTOM TOM BROWN.
>> LOOK AT THE POSE.
HE IS GROWN GROWN WITH HIS POSE
ON THE CHIN.
WHO TAUGHT HIM HOW TO POSE LIKE
THAT?
THAT IS A GROWN MAN POSE RIGHT
THERE.
>> GEORGE CLOONEY. 1980s.
>> THIS IS WHAT IT'S ABOUT
THOUGH. HAVING FUN AND HAVING A
GOOD TIME.
AND. YOU KNOW. FOR ME. I DO FEEL
LIKE THIS IS A BIG REUNION FOR A
LOT OF PEOPLE.
THEY TALKED ABOUT HIM
RECONNECTING WITH STEVEN.
THIS IS GOING TO BE A REUNION OF
SORTS.
I FEEL LIKE IT'S GOING TO BE
LIKE FAMILY TIME.
>> I FEEL LIKE THAT WITH YOU
GUYS BEING BACK AGAIN.
>> WE'VE BEEN DOING A LOT OF
ZOOMS.
>> A LOT OF ZOOMS.
IRL. FULL ON GLAMOUR.
>> I KNOW WE TALKED TO STEVEN
EARLIER. BUT SEEING HIM ON THE
CARPET. HE LOOKS LIKE HE MIGHT
WANT TO GET BACK TO HIS BIKE AND
FITBIT.
STEVEN WAS LIKE I HAVEN'T BEEN
AROUND PEOPLE FOR A YEAR.
IT'S AN ADJUSTMENT GETTING BACK
AROUND PEOPLE AGAIN.
>> IT IS.
IT DEFINITELY IS.
ONCE YOU'VE BEEN IN QUARANTINE
AND DOING ALL THE THINGS THAT
WE'VE BEEN DOING. TO COME BACK
OUT AND MAKE CONVERSATION WITH
PEOPLE IS A LOT.
>> AND FOR YOUR FIRST TIME OUT
TO BE SOMETHING SO FORMAL.
IT'S NOT LIKE YOU'RE BREAKING IN
GOING TO A BIRTHDAY PARTY IN THE
BACKYARD.
IT TABS A LITTLE BIT OF
ADJUSTMENT.
WE'VE GOT TO HEAD BACK TO JULIE
ON THE RED CARPET.
>> MY NEXT GUEST NEEDS NO
INTRODUCTION. GLENN CLOSE.
GLENN. SO GREAT TO SEE YOU.
SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING TON RED
CARPET RIGHT NOW?
>> I'M FEELING GREAT.
MY SHOES ARE COMFORTABLE.
>> YOU LOOK FABULOUS.
>> IT'S NOT TWO MILES LONG. SO
THAT'S LOVELY.
>> THAT'S RIGHT. THAT'S RIGHT.
DEFINITELY A DIFFERENT
REIMAGINED RED CARPET.
HAVE YOU HEARD ANYTHING ABOUT
TONIGHT AND HOW THE TELECAST IS
GOING TO BE DIFFERENT?
>> WELL. I THINK I KNOW AS MUCH
AS ANYBODY ELSE KNOWS SO. I'M
REALLY. REALLY EXCITED.
I THINK IT'LL BE VERY. VERY
DIFFERENT.
I THINK -- I'VE BEEN THINKING A
LOT AS WE WALK IN TONIGHT. WE
ARE -- WE ARE IN THE MIDDLE OF
AN INDUSTRY THAT'S REINVENTING
ITSELF IN MANY WAYS.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S RIGHT.
HILL BILL
"HILLBILLY ELEGY" PAIRS YOU WITH
RON HOWARD.
25 YEARS.
HOW WAS IT REUNITING WITH RON
HOWARD AGAIN?
>> IT WAS EFFORTLESS.
WHEN YOU GO THROUGH A INITIAL
WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE WITH
SOMEBODY IN OUR PROFESSION. IT'S
LIKE NO TIME HAS PASSED.
BECAUSE YOU HAD AN INTENSE
EXPERIENCE. YOU RESPECT EACH
OTHER. YOU RESPECT EACH OTHERS'
WORK.
IT WAS WONDERFUL.
IT WAS WONDERFUL BEING BACK WITH
RON.
>> YOU'VE BEEN KNOWN TO KEEP
VARIOUS COSTUMES OR PROPS FROM
VARIOUS MOVIES.
WHAT DID YOU KEEP FROM THIS ONE?
>> I KEPT -- I HAVE ACTUALLY
OVER 800 COSTUME ITEMS THAT IS
HOUSED AT INDIANA UNIVERSITY.
SO. I KEPT ALL OF MAMAW'S
T-SHIRTS AND HER BAGGY JEANS AND
NIKES.
>> THAT'S GREAT.
THAT'S SO GREAT.
THIS IS YOUR EIGHTH NOMINATION.
IF YOU WIN TONIGHT. HAVE YOU
THOUGHT ABOUT WHERE YOU ARE
GOING TO PUT THE OSCAR?
>> I ACTUALLY HAVEN'T. BUT YOU
KNOW. I HAVE THIS FANTASY.
AND I THINK I'M GOING TO DO IT.
THAT I MIGHT TAKE IT TO THE
LOCAL LIBRARY FOR PEOPLE TO LOOK
AT.
I MIGHT TAKE IT TO THE COFFEE
SHOP THAT I GO TO A LOT SO THAT
PEOPLE CAN SEE WHAT IT'S LIKE.
SO THAT YOU KIND OF CAN BRING
THIS WORLD INTO EVERYDAY LIFE.
THAT'S WHAT I WILL DO.
>> I WAS GOING TO SAY. CAN WE
NOT MAKE THAT A FANTASY?
CAN WE MAKE IT REALITY.
>> YEAH.
>> THAT WOULD BE SUCH A
BEAUTIFUL THING AND WOULD BE SO
APPRECIATED BY SO MANY PEOPLE.
BEFORE I LET YOU GO. I HAVE TO
ASK FOR A MOMENT.
YOUR INSTAGRAM.
YOU HAVE FUN ON SOCIAL MEDIA.
YOU DO.
WHAT DO YOU FIND SO ENTERTAINING
ABOUT IT?
>> WELL. I DON'T KNOW.
SOMETIMES I DON'T DO IT FOR A
WHILE BECAUSE IT'S NOT KIND OF
NATURAL TO ME.
IF I THINK I CAN DO SOMETHING
THAT OTHER PEOPLE MIGHT BE
INTERESTED IN OR I CAN CRACK
MYSELF UP OR IT'S A BEAUTIFUL
SUNSET OR SOME BEAUTIFUL -- YOU
KNOW. WHATEVER.
>> YEAH.
>> SO. IT'S -- YOU KNOW.
WHATEVER KIND OF COMES INTO MY
HEAD.
SOMETIMES IT WORKS.
SOMETIMES IT DOESN'T.
BUT I DECIDED THAT IF I WAS
GOING TO DO IT. IT HAS TO JUST
BASICALLY BE ME.
SO. FOR BETTER OR WORSE. THAT'S
WHAT YOU GET.
>> JUST KEEP IT ALL FANTASTIC.
>> YES.
>> YOU REALLY ARE JUST SUCH A
BRILLIANT ACTRESS. ONE OF OUR
FAVORITE ACTRESSES.
HOW DO YOU CHOOSE A ROLE?
I IMAGINE SO MUCH MATERIAL COMES
YOUR WAY.
WHAT IS IT ABOUT A ROLE THAT HAS
TO -- THAT SPEAKS TO YOU?
>> WELL. FIRST OF ALL. I HAVE TO
LOVE THE WRITING.
AND THAT'S KIND OF FEMORAL.
YOU EITHER GET A -- FIRST TEN
PAGES. YOU SAY. YEAH. I'M GOING
TO KEEP READING OR NO. THIS
DOESN'T INTEREST ME OR NO. I'M
GOING TO HAVE TO SLOG THROUGH
THIS.
I ALSO DON'T WANT TO GO OVER
TERRITORY I'VE BEEN OVER BEFORE.
KIND OF PSYCHOLOGICALLY AND
EMOTIONALLY.
SO. I'M ALWAYS UP FOR SOMETHING
NEW.
>> YOU'RE ALWAYS UP FOR
SOMETHING NEW.
WE LOVE IT.
THANK YOU FOR STOPPING BY AND
TALKING TO ME TONIGHT.
I APPRECIATE IT.
BEST OF LUCK TONIGHT.
>> JUST AN ICON.
CAN YOU IMAGINE GOING TO YOUR
LIBRARY AND THERE'S GLENN
CLOSE'S OSCAR?
I'M COMING OUT HERE TO CHECK OUT
"STEWART LITTLE" AND THERE'S AN
OSCAR?
>> JUST STOOD THERE.
>> WHAT A WAY TO GET PEOPLE TO
READ.
>> OR SHOW UP AT THE COFFEE
SHOP.
>> YEAH.
>> RIGHT.
>> THAT'S A BIG BOOST.
>> HOW DID YOU GUYS LIKE HER
BOOST?
>> OH. MY GOSH.
>> ARMANI PREVE.
>> SILK ORGANZA MESH ENCRUSTED
CRYSTAL BEADS.
IT TOOK ONLY THREE WEEKS TO
MAKE.
IT WAS AN HOMAGE TO GLENN'S AND
MR. ARMANI'S LONG TIME
COLLABORATIONS.
THE TOUCH I LOVE ARE THE GLOVES.
MR. ARMANI'S MUM WORE A LOT OF
GLOVES.
AND GLENN THOUGHT IT WAS
SANITARY TO WEAR THEM TO AN
EVENT LIKE TONIGHT.
>> I DIDN'T EVEN THINK ABOUT
THAT.
>> MAYBE IT'S GOING TO BE A
TREND TONIGHT.
>> I THINK SHE LOOKS GLAMOROUS
AND GORGEOUS.
THAT WAS A MESMERIZING
INTERVIEW.
>> YEAH. I COULDN'T
STOPWATCHING.
>> THERE WERE SO MANY GREAT
TIDBITS IN THERE TOO ABOUT HOW
HE DOESN'T WANT TO GO BACK TO
PSYCHOLOGICAL AREAS SHE'S
TOUCHED ON AS AN ACTRESS.
THAT'S INCREDIBLE.
>> YOU COULD APPLY THAT TO L
.
>>> WELCOME BACK TO THE OSCAR
RED CARPET.
BOTH OF THESE LADIES ARE STARS
IN KOREA.
I'M JOINED BY BEST SUPPORTING
ACTRESS NOMINEE.
WHAT DOES IT FEEL LIKE TO BE ON
THIS OSCAR CARPET?
>> I'M SO EXCITED.
>> VERY EXCITED?
>> THIS IS OUR FIRST TIME HERE.
I DON'T KNOW HOW WE'LL FEEL
LATER ON WHAT IT'S GOING TO BE.
>> WHY IS IT SO SPECIAL FOR YOU
TO BE HERE TONIGHT. PART OF SUCH
A BEAUTIFUL MOVIE. "MINARI" AND
THE FACT THAT SO MANY PEOPLE
HAVE EMBRACED IT AND TO SEE IT'S
NOMINATED AND BELOVED BY MANY.
HOW IS THAT SPECIAL TO YOU?
>> EVERYONE ALL OVER THE WORLD
KNOWS ABOUT OSCARS.
AND THEY ARE FAMOUS AWARDS AND
CEREMONY.
>> YES.
>> SO. AS A KOREAN. AS AN ASIAN
WOMAN. I THINK IN KOREA I'M THE
FIRST NOMINEE FOR THE OSCARS.
SO. IT'S A VERY HISTORICAL
MOMENT FOR US.
SO. OF COURSE WE ARE VERY
EXCITED AND VERY STRANGE TO ME
ACTUALLY.
>> IT'S VERY STRANGE TO YOU.
>> DO YOU AGREE?
>> YEAH. YEAH. AGREE.
>> HOW WAS IT SHOOTING THIS
FILM?
I KNOW IT WAS A SHORT AMOUNT OF
TIME. ONLY 25 DAYS.
WHAT WAS THAT EXPERIENCE LIKE?
>> SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME. SHORT
AMOUNT OF MONEY.
SO. WE WENT ALMOST TOGETHER.
WE RENTED AIRBNB AND WE LIVED
TOGETHER.
SHE WAS PLAYING MY DAUGHTER. AND
THERE'S SOME -- OUR FRIEND THERE
WAS TRANSLATOR.
SO. WE MADE A FAMILY TOGETHER. I
THINK.
THAT'S WHAT'S SPECIAL ABOUT THIS
MOVIE.
WE BECAME A REAL FAMILY.
>> YOU BECAME A REAL FAMILY.
AND YOUR CHARACTER. PLAYING THE
GRANDMOTHER IN THE FILM WHO
COMES AND LIVES WITH YOUR
FAMILY.
>> MY DAUGHTER.
>> YES. YES.
>> MY MOM.
>> YOU KNOW. FOR ME. THAT -- I
LOVE THAT PART OF THE MOVIE
BECAUSE WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL
I MOVED TO AMERICA FROM ITALY.
AND MY GRANDMOTHER LIVED WITH
US.
>> YES.
>> AND WE SHARED A ROOM.
AND I JUST -- THAT WAS SUCH A
SPECIAL TIME IN MY LIFE.
SO. I REALLY CONNECTED TO YOUR
CHARACTER.
AND TELL ME. AS A REAL LIFE
GRANDMOTHER. HOW ARE YOU THE
SAME AND HOW ARE YOU DIFFERENT
FROM THE CHARACTER YOU PLAY IN
THE FILM?
>> WELL. ACTUALLY I'M NOT LIVING
WITH MY GRANDSON.
THAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
MOVIE AND THIS.
>> YES.
>> AND THEN I'M SURE THAT HE'S
NOT GOING -- MY GRANDSON WILL
NOT GIVE ME THE MOUNTAIN DEW AS
A TEASE.
>> YES. YES.
IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN IT. THERE IS
A SCENE WHERE YOUR GRANDSON
GIVES YOU A CUP OF --
>> YEAH.
>> JUST SEE THE MOVIE.
WE THINK IT'S MOUNTAIN DEW. BUT
IT'S NOT.
IT'S A GREAT MOVIE FOR MANY
REASONS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO THE TWO OF
YOU.
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
WE REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
HAVE A WONDERFUL NIGHT.
BEST OF LUCK TONIGHT.
>> THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
>> LET'S CHECK IN WITH YOU.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> FIRST OF ALL. THEY ARE SO
BEAUTIFUL.
THAT'S WHAT I SAY.
I LOVE THE DIVERSITY RIGHT NOW.
AS WE'RE CELEBRATING THE
DIVERSITY OF THE OSCARS. WE HAVE
TO REMEMBER STOP ASIAN HATE.
WE ARE LIVING IN A TIME WHERE WE
HAVE TO ACKNOWLEDGE THOSE
THINGS.
BUT MY GOSH. THEY'RE STUNNING.
>> I LOVE. LOVE. LOVE -- I CALL
HER Y.J.
SHE'S INCREDIBLE AS THE
GRANDMOTHER.
SOMEBODY SHE'S UP AGAINST
TONIGHT FOR BEST SUPPORTING
ACTRESS IS GLENN CLOSE.
>> GLENN CLOSE. EIGHT-TIME
NOMINEE. OSCAR CHANCES.
I AM READY FOR HER TO WIN.
WHAT DO YOU THINK WE CAN EXPECT
TONIGHT?
>> GLENN CLOSE HAS BEEN
NOMINATED FOR OSCAR PERFORMANCES
EVERYONE LOVES.
OF COURSE WE KNOW "FATAL
ATTRACTION."
A COUPLE YEARS AGO. PEOPLE
THOUGHT SHE WAS GOING TO GET IT
WITH "THE WIFE."
BUT HER FELLOW NOMINEE OLIVIA
COLMAN TOOK IT.
IF SHE GETS THE WIN. SHE WOULD
TIE AL PACINO ON WINNING IT FOR
THE 8th TIME.
SHE WAS AN ICON WHO TOOK A FEW
NOMINATIONS TO GET IT TOO.
>> WE LOVE ALL THE NOMINEES. BUT
IT WOULD BE EPIC TONIGHT.
WE HAVE TO TALK ABOUT EM RAL FA
NELL.
WHAT AN AMAZING MOMENT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK HER CHANCES
ARE.
>> FIRST OF ALL. ALSO A NEW MOM
AND LOOKING GORGEOUS TONIGHT.
SHE'S NOMINATED FOR BEST
ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY. BEST
DIRECTOR. AND BEST PICTURE.
SHE IS JUST RADIANT IN THAT
DRESS.
>> HISTORY MAKING.
SHE'S STUNNING.
WOMEN CAN DO IT ALL.
RIGHT?
SHE IS ON THAT CARPET.
SHE'S ALIKE I'M GOING TO DO WHAT
I'VE GOT TO DO.
I'M GOING TO MAKE HISTORY.
I'M GOING TO HAVE A BABY.
TRUST AND BELIEVE.
>> SHE'S ALSO A ACTRESS.
I REMEMBER HER FROM "THE
MIDWIFE" ON THE TV SIDE.
SHE ALSO WHEREON THE SECOND
SEASON OF "KILLING EVE" AND
RECENTLY ON "THE CROWN" SHE
PLAYED CAMILLA PARKER BOLES.
I CANNOT HOLD THAT AGAINST HER.
>> LET'S BE HONEST.
SHE IS WELL DESERVED OF THE
NOMINATIONS TONIGHT.
I REALLY HOPE SHE MAKES HISTORY.
>> SHE WOULD BE THE FIRST
BRITISH WOMAN TO TAKE HOME AN
OSCAR FOR BEST DIRECTOR.
WHAT'S SO GREAT IS HER
>>> HEY GUYS.
WELCOME BACK.
WE ARE 90 MINUTES AWAY FROM THE
OSCARS ON ABC.
SHE JUST HIT THE CARPET.
WE SEE MARIA FROM "BORAT."
I KNOW WE SAW A SHOT ON
INSTAGRAM. BUT THIS IS THE FULL
GOWN.
>> WHAT A DRESS. RIGHT?
LOUIS VUITTON. IT'S CUSTOM MADE
FOR HER.
SHE ACTUALLY SAID HERSELF SHE
HASN'T SEEN A RED CARPET.
SHE'S DONE IT ALL VIRTUALLY. SO
THIS IS HER FIRST TIME.
FOR THE 360 FULL LENGTH SHE'S
ABSOLUTELY NAILED IT.
HER STYLIST WHO IS HOPEFULLY
GOING TO BE WITH US LATER TO
BREAK DOWN THE WHOLE.
>> I LOVE THE PRINCESS VIBES
THEY'RE DOING WITH HER. VERY
ROMANTIC. VERY ETHEREAL. VERY
BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S JUST THAT RED CARPET
FANTASY WE LOVE TO SEE.
>> AND IT COULDN'T BE MORE
DIFFERENT THAN HER CHARACTER.
IF I'VE EVER SEEN A
CHARACTER-TO-CARPET
TRANSFORMATION. IT'S THIS ONE.
>> RIGHT.
TOTALLY.
>> LET'S HEAD OVER TO JULIANNA.
>> "MINARI" IS ONE OF THE MOST
BELOVED PICTURES OF THE YEAR.
THE DIRECTOR LEE ISAAC CHUNG IS
JOINING ME WITH HIS WIFE
VALERIE.
HELLO.
>> HI.
>> SO GREAT TO SEE THE TWO OF
YOU TONIGHT.
>> THANKS SO MUCH.
IT'S EXCITING. EXCITING DAY.
>> I BET IT IS.
TELL ME SOME OF THE EMOTIONS
GOING THROUGH YOUR MIND.
>> WELL. WE'VE BEEN QUARANTINED
FOR ABOUT A YEAR AND A HALF.
TO SUDDENLY COME OUT IN THIS WAY
IS QUITE SHOCKING IN A WAY.
>> AND TO COME OUT EXACTLY IN A
WAY THAT. OBVIOUSLY HERE FOR
YOUR AMAZING FILM. "MINARI." --
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> -- ONE OF MY ABSOLUTE
FAVORITES.
THIS MOVIE MEANS SO MUCH TO SO
MANY PEOPLE.
IT'S A BELOVED MOVIE TO SO MANY.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN TO YOU
KNOWING THE WAY IT'S BEEN
EMBRACED?
>> IT TOUCHES ME SO MUCH.
IT'S SO PERSONAL TO ME AND I'M
SO PLEASED PEOPLE ARE CONNECTING
TO IT ON A HUMAN. EMOTIONAL
LEVEL.
IT JUST SHOWS ME WE'RE ALL MORE
CONNECTED THAN WE THINK.
>> AND YOU SHOT THE FILM IN A
PRETTY SHORT TIME FRAME.
>> YES.
>> CAN YOU TELL US SOME OF THOSE
CHALLENGES THAT YOU ENCOUNTERED?
>> SURE.
YEAH.
WE NEED A LONG INTERVIEW FOR
THAT.
WE SHOT FOR 25 DAYS. AND EVERY
DAY WAS -- WE WERE WORKING ON
INSTINCT. TRYING TO MAKE NO
MISTAKES.
AND IT'S INCREDIBLE THAT WE
BROUGHT IT ALL THE WAY HERE.
I GIVE ALL CREDIT TO MY CAST AND
CREW FOR WHAT THEY DELIVERED.
>> AND AN INCREDIBLE CAST
INDEED.
TELL ME ABOUT ASSEMBLING THAT
WORLD FAMOUS CAST.
>> A LOT OF IT WAS THROUGH
PEOPLE WHO WE KNOW.
SO. THERE WAS A LOT OF JUST
FRIENDSHIPS THAT WENT INTO
ASSEMBLING THIS CAST.
AND THE KIDS WERE ABSOLUTE
DISCOVERIES.
THEY HAD NEVER ACTED BEFORE.
WE HAD AN AMAZING CASTING
DIRECTOR WHO DISCOVERED THEM.
IT'S A FAIRY TALE PROCESS.
>> THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THIS
BEAUTIFUL MOVIE INTO OUR LIVES.
HAVE A WONDERFUL TIME TONIGHT.
BEST OF LUCK.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
>>> TONIGHT THERE HAS BEEN SO
MANY DIVERSITY AND HISTORY MADE.
I WANT TO TALK ABOUT CHLOE ZHAO.
IF SHE WIN. SHE'LL BE THE FIRST
WOMAN OF COLOR TO WIN IN THIS
CATEGORY.
IT'S AMAZING.
WE WANT TO CELEBRATE THAT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK HER CHANCES
ARE?
>> CHLOE ZHAO HAS SWEPT THE
AWARD THIS IS YEAR.
IT'S BEEN ALL "NOMADLAND."
SHE'S NOMINATED FOR BEST
DIRECTOR. PRODUCING THIS FOR
BEST PICTURE.
IF SHE SWEEPS ALL FOUR. SHE
WOULD TIE WALT DISNEY FOR THE
MOST FOLKS TO WIN IN ONE NIGHT.
HE WON FOUR BACK IN 1957.
SHE MAY DO THAT TONIGHT AS A
WOMAN.
>> HOW DO YOU RETAIN THAT
INFORMATION?
>> I DON'T.
>> I WISH I WAS WITH YOU IN HIGH
SCHOOL.
TO YOUR POINT THE FACT SHE COULD
TIE AND IT'S BEEN SO LONG.
THAT'S EXTRAORDINARY.
WHAT TYPE OF MESSAGE DOES IT
SEND TO WOMEN WHEN THEY WERE
ENTERING THE INDUSTRY WHEN WE
KNOW IT CAN BE SEXIST?
>> TALKED ABOUT SUN DANCE HAVING
SO MANY FEMALE DIRECTORS BUT
COULDN'T MAKE THAT FILM.
THIS IS CHLOE'S THIRD FILM AFTER
GRADUATING FROM NYU WHERE SHE
WAS TAUGHT BY NONE OTHER THAN
SPIKE LEE.
HE HAS BEEN A HUGE FAN OF HER
WORK AS WELL.
I LOVE SHE GOT TO WORK WITH
FRANCES McDORMANT ON THIS.
>> WHEN YOU START SEEING THOSE
PAIRINGS. THAT'S WHEN YOU KNOW
MAGIC IS HAPPENING.
I DID KNOW THE TIDBIT ABOUT
SPIKE LEE. THAT SHE LEARNED A
LOT FROM BEING A LEGEND.
WE TALKED ABOUT EARLIER SHE LEFT
HOME AT 15 TO STUDY IN THE UK.
WHAT AFFECT DO YOU THINK THAT
HAD ON HER TALENT AND HER CAREER
AND HOW SHE'S APPROACHING THIS.
>> SHE SEEMS TO BE A WONDER LUST
DIRECTOR.
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE PREVIOUS
ONE. THE WRITER. SHE HAS NEVER
SEEN A VAST LANDSCAPE ACROSS THE
SETTING SUN THAT SHE DIDN'T WANT
TO FRAME BEAUTIFULLY WITH THE
SHOT.
AND HER CIN.
>>> WELCOME BACK TO OSCAR
SUNDAY.
I THINK WE HAVE A FIRST LOOK AT
DANIEL KA LIEULUUYA.
>> HE'S WEARING CARTIER
DIAMONDS.
HE LOOKS SO CHIC.
>> I LOVE HE LOOKS -- YOU KNOW.
THIS FOLES MORE LIKE HIM TO ME.
THERE'S BEEN A COUPLE TIMES HE
HAD THE BOW TIES ON.
I FEEL LIKE THIS IS REALLY WHO
HE IS.
>> I WAS SAYING EARLIER IN THE
SHOW.
DANIEL HAS BEEN LOVING HIS
JEWELRY AND DIAMONDS THIS
SEASON.
SO. HE'S CLEARLY FEATURING
THOSE.
AND BOW TEGA IS ONE OF THE MOST
SOUGHT AFTER THIS YEAR.
EVERYONE WANTS TO WAESH IT.
>> IF YOU GET TO WEAR IT. YOU'RE
SPECIAL.
>> YOU KNOW HE'S SPECIAL.
I LOVE THOSE PINKY RINGS HE'S
OBSESSED WITH.
>> WE'RE SEEING MORE DIAMONDS.
I THINK WE'RE GOING TO SEE MORE
DIAMONDS ON THE BOYS AS WELL.
WE'RE SEEING THEM ON BRAD.
IT'S A GREAT LOOK.
>> IT'S FUNNY.
IT STARTED OFF PEOPLE DOING
WATCHES. THEN THE BROACHES.
NOW IT'S DIAMOND NECKLACES AND
CHAINS AND RINGS AND WE'RE GOING
NUTS.
I LOVE IT.
>> I LOVE HOW THE GUYS ARE
COMING OUT WITH MORE AND MORE
ACCESSORIES AND THEY'RE CATERING
TO THAT AS WELL.
IT'S GREAT.
HOW WE STEAL THEIR HOODIES.
WE'RE GONE STEAL THEIR NECKLACES
AND JEWELRY TOO.
RIGHT NOW WE'VE GOT TO GO OVER.
>> I LOVE THE FACT MEN ARE
ACCESSORIZING. YOU KNOW WHAT I
MEAN?
A LITTLE AK SAYSCCESSORIZING NEV
HURT ANYBODY.
THIS IS A CATEGORY WHERE WE'RE
ALL HIGHLY ANTICIPATING WHAT IS
GOING TO HAPPEN.
I WANT YOUR THOUGHTS.
>> IT'S REALLY CRAZY ABOUT BEST
PICTURE.
WE HAVE AN INCREDIBLE SET OF
NOMINEES THAT MAY NOT HAVE MADE
IT TO THIS NIGHT IF NOT FOR THE
GLOBAL BOX OFFICE PAUSE.
SO MANY STORIES LIKE
"NOMADLAND." "MINARI." THEY'RE
GREAT STORIES BUT MIGHT HAVE
BEEN PUSHED OUT BY "WEST SIDE
STORY" AND "DOOM."
LOOK AT THE FILMS AND HOW THEY
TOUCH ON SOCIAL ISSUES RIGHT
NOW.
"MINARI" AND ASIAN HATE SO MUCH.
>> THAT'S WHAT I LOVE ABOUT THE
BEST PICTURE CATEGORY.
IT'S SOMETHING FOR THE FIRST
TIME YOU FELT THERE WAS MESSAGES
COMING ACROSS.
AS YOU DISCUSSED WE ARE IN A
TIME RIGHT NOW WHERE WE HAVE TO
DISCUSS STOP ASIAN HATE. WE HAVE
TO UNDERSTAND BLACK LIVES
MATTER.
IF YOU CAN DO THAT WHILE ALSO
BEING ENTERTAINED. HOW MUCH FUN
IS THAT?
OUT OF THESE MOVIES WHICH ONE DO
YOU THINK IS GOING TO BE THE ONE
THAT IS GOING TO WIN?
>> TAKING IT HOME TONIGHT
PREDICTABLY WOULD BE "NO
MADLAND."
IT'S GOT THE CRITICS CHOICE.
HOWEVER WE HAVE SEEN THIS STORY
BEFORE WITH A LITTLE FILM CALLED
"LA LALAND" THAT ENDED UP LOSING
SOME OSCAR NIGHT.
I'M NOT GOING TO COUNT MY
CHICKENS.
I'M STILL BETTING ON
"NOMADLAND."
BUT "TRIAL OF THE CHICAGO 7."
THEY LIVED THROUGH THOSE
MOMENTS.
>> I LOVE THE FACT SACHA BARON
COHEN IS GIVING US SOMETHING
NEW.
TO GO FROM "BORAT" TO THIS.
>> HE'S MADE HISTORY WITH "THE
GOD FATHER" AS THE ONLY TWO
SEQUELS TO BE NOMINATED.
I THINK HE ALSO HAS A VERY GOOD
CHANCE OF WINNING THAT CATEGORY.
I'M NOT BETTING ON IT. BUT HE
COULD.
>> I LOVE THAT WE HAVE ALL THIS
INSIDE INFORMATION RIGHT NOW.
THIS IS GREAT.
WE WANT TO HEAD TO YOU GUYS.
>> JACQUELINE HAS ALL THE
INFORMATION.
>> ALL THE CHEESE.
>> I NEED TO WATCH THE
SCREENERS. JACQUELINE.
>> I TOLD YOU. GIRL.
>> YOU HELP ME OUT WITH THEM
DRESSES. GIRL. WE WILL GET YOU
CAUGHT UP ON OSCAR TRIVIA.
>> SHE MEANS THOSE DRESSES AT
MACY'S.
>> SOMEBODY DON'T LOVE YOU LIKE
HE LOVES ME. YOU DOING IT WRONG.
>> AMEN.
YOU GUYS. THAT WAS THE MOST
NOMINATED BLACK ACTRESS IN
HISTORY. VIOLA DAVIS HAS BEEN A
RED CARPET REGULAR SINCE HER
DEBUT IN 2009.
SHE HAS GIVEN US MEMORABLE
MOMENTS.
WE HAVE TO TAKE A LOOK AT HOW
HER FASHION HAS EVOLVED THROUGH
THE YEARS.
>> WITH PLEASURE.
ONE OF MY FAVORITES.
LET'S START IN 2009 WITH THIS
GORGEOUS METALLIC REAM GOWN.
IT WAS HER FIRST OSCARS RED
CARPET WHERE SHE WAS NOMINATED
FOR BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN
THE ROLE -- FOR SUPPORTING ROLE
IN THE MOVIE "DOUBT" WHICH WAS
UNBELIEVABLE.
SHE WAS SO INCREDIBLE.
>> LOVE THE NATURAL HAIR WITH
THAT AS WELL.
>> YEAH.
WE'RE GOING TO SEE THE
SILHOUETTE COME THROUGH AS HER
FASHION EVOLVES AS WELL.
BUT HER LOOK IN 2012 IS ONE OF
MY PERSONAL FAVES.
THIS IS VERA WANG.
AND WHAT I LOVE ABOUT THIS GOWN
IS AGAIN THAT THIS BEAUTIFUL
BOLD COLOR THAT WE'RE GOING TO
SEE SHE KIND OF CONTINUES ALL
THE WAY THROUGH. WHICH I LOVE
ABOUT HER.
SHE EMBRACES COLOR.
SHE EMBRACES THESE BEAUTIFUL.
SOPHISTICATED SILHOUETTES.
AND AS WE SEE HER FASHION
EVOLVE. YOU CAN JUST SEE SHE IS
JUST A RED CARPET QUEEN.
>> AND SHE IS A PERSON WHO WEARS
THE DRESS.
THE DRESS DOES NOT WEAR HER.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
>> THERE'S SOME PEOPLE YOU SEE.
YOU'RE LIKE. GIRL. I CAN'T SEE
YOU IN THAT THING.
BUT SHE REALLY COMMANDS THE RED
CARPET.
>> AND THE COLORS SHE'S WORN
HAVE BEEN SPECTACULAR.
>> THE HOT PINK MICHAEL COORS.
>> THE GREENS AND BLUES AND
PRINTS AS WELL.
SHE CAN DO IT SO WELL.
THE DRESS NEVER WEARS HER.
>> EVERY SINGLE TIME. GUYS.
WE'VE GOT TO HEAD OVER TO
JULIANNA.
>> SHE IS THE FILMMAKER BEHIND
BEST PICTURE NOMINEE
"NOMADLAND."
PLEASE WELCOME CHLOE ZHAO.
>> WE HAVE THE STAR OF
"NOMADLAND."
>> THANK YOU FOR STOPPING BY E.
WE APPRECIATE IT.
TELL EVERYONE AT HOME. KIND OF
PAINT THE PICTURE HERE. THE
OSCAR RED CARPET.
HOW DOES IT FEEL?
>> HOW DOES IT FEEL?
>> IT'S SURREAL.
>> SURREAL.
>> NOTHING I EVER EXPECTED THAT
WOULD HAPPEN TO ME.
>> NOTHING YOU EVER EXPECTED
WOULD HAPPEN TO YOU.
IT'S PRETTY GREAT. ISN'T IT?
>> IT'S AWESOME. YES.
>> WHAT SHE SAID.
AND I'M NOT AN ACTOR.
IT'S NOT ACTING THAT'S OSCAR
WORTHY.
IT'S MY NOMADIC LIFESTYLE THAT'S
OSCAR WORTHY.
>> THAT'S RIGHT. THAT'S RIGHT.
SPEAKING OF. IT'S SUCH A
BRILLIANT PICTURE.
CHLOE. YOU WERE ALMOST CRAFTING
THE STORY IN THE FIELD. RIGHT.
YOU SAID. AND ALMOST LIKE A
DOCUMENTARY IN PART.
WHY WAS THAT IMPORTANT TO YOU?
>> WELL. ACTUALLY THEY SAY THAT
THE GREATEST MAGIC TRICK IS TO
MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE IT JUST
HAPPENED.
WE ACTUALLY HAD AN ENTIRE
AMAZING PRODUCING TEAM THAT
MAKES THINGS -- A LOT OF
PLANNING GOES INTO IT.
WHEN WE GET THERE. WE GET TO
PLAY AND BE SPONTANEOUS.
IT'S IMPORTANT BECAUSE THE LIVES
OF THESE WONDERFUL PEOPLE.
SOMETIMES TO CAPTURE IT. WE HAVE
TO HAVE THAT FREEDOM.
>> AND YOU KNOW. I KNOW. CHLOE.
THIS MOVIE IS SO IMPORTANT TO
YOU.
IT REALLY HAS A PIECE OF YOUR
HEART.
HOW DID THIS EXPERIENCE CHANGE
YOU AS A PERSON?
>> YOU KNOW. I FEEL LIKE
SOMETIMES FILM MAKING COULD BE A
QUITE LONELY AND TRANSIENT
EXISTENCE.
WE GO FROM MOVIES TO MOVIES TO
MOVIES.
HAVING BEEN WITH A LOT OF
NOMADS. WHO ALSO LIVE A
TRANSIENT LIFE. BUT THERE'S A
GREAT SENSE OF COMMUNITY THAT
THEY'VE BUILT FOR THEMSELVES.
THAT YOU FEEL LIKE YOU'RE PART
OF SOMETHING BIGGER.
AND I TRY TO SEE THINGS THE SAME
WAY.
>> FOUR NOMINATIONS TONIGHT.
WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO ALL OF YOU.
YOU KNOW. ESPECIALLY HOW MUCH
EVERYONE HAS LOVED THIS FILM.
WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO YOU TO HAVE
FOUR NOMINATIONS TONIGHT?
>> THAT --
>> WELL. FROM MY POINT OF VIEW.
IT'S JUST ALREADY BEEN SUCH A
GREAT JOURNEY.
WE WERE TALKING ABOUT IT ON THE
WAY HERE GETTING TO KNOW THESE
GUYS AND HAVING THEM OPEN THEIR
HEARTS AND STORIES TO US IS
REALLY BEEN WONDERFUL.
OSCA
>>> WE ARE LIVE ON E.
THE COUNT CONDITION IS ON.
THE ANTICIPATION IS BUILDING.
THE OSCARS ARE LIVE ON ABC ON
8:00 EASTERN. 5:00 PACIFIC.
IT IS BEST ACTRESS NOMINEE VIOLA
DAVIS JOINED BY HER HUSBAND
JULIUS.
NICE TO SEE YOU TWO.
>> NICE TO SEE YOU TWO.
>> HOW DOES IT FEEL ON THE OSCAR
RED CARPET.
>> CALM.
>> IF PEOPLE WERE HERE. THEY
WOULD KNOW HOW ABSOLUTELY
GROUNDBREAKING CALM IS.
>> FROM PAST YEARS. RIGHT?
IT'S VERY DIFFERENT ON THIS RED
CARPET.
>> YES.
>> IT'S VERY CHILL TONIGHT.
>> YEAH.
HOW DOES IT FEEL BEING HERE
TONIGHT. PART OF SUCH AN
INCREDIBLE MOVIE.
AND YOUR PERFORMANCE. I MEAN.
>> IT'S AN EXCLAMATION POINT ON
AN ALREADY FABULOUS EXPERIENCE
IN EVERY SINGLE WAY.
THE ACTORS INVOLVED. GEORGE C.
WOLF. NETFLIX. DENZEL. TODD
BLACK. CHADWICK.
IT COULD NOT HAVE BEEN A BETTER
EXPERIENCE AND NOW IT'S JUST
CONTINUING.
>> AND YOU ARE SO BRILLIANT IN
THIS FILM.
JULIUS. I GOT TO ASK YOU. WE
KNOW SHE'S A BRILLIANT ACTRESS.
WAS THERE ANYTHING IN THIS FILM
IN PARTICULAR THAT SHOCKED EVEN
YOU MAYBE THAT YOU WENT WOW?
>> WELL. YOU KNOW. IT WAS REALLY
A CHOICE OF PUTTING THE GOAL IN.
IT WAS AMAZING. AND IT COMPLETED
THE TRANSFORMATION WITH THE SUIT
AND THE MAKE UP.
BUT THOSE TEETH -- THOSE GRILLS
WERE AMAZING.
>> GRILLS IS WHAT THEY CALL
THEM.
>> YOU WERE LIKE I'M TAKING THIS
TRANSFORMATION VERY SERIOUSLY.
I NEED THIS TO BE AS AUTHENTIC
AS POSSIBLE.
TELL ME ABOUT YOUR APPROACH TO
THAT.
>> THE APPROACH TO THAT IS THE
APPROACH EVERY ACTOR HAS TO HAVE
TO IT.
YOU HAVE TO HONOR THE PERSON.
THEY SAID SHE WAS A CERTAIN
SIZE.
THEY SAID THAT SHE HAD A MOUTH
FULL OF GOLD TEETH.
THEY SAID SHE LOOKED A CERTAIN
WAY. HORSE HAIR WIGS.
SO. GUESS WHAT.
I HAD GOLD TEETH. HORSE HAIR
WIGS AND I WAS A CERTAIN SIZE.
I DIDN'T WANT TO CHANGE HER IN
ANY WAY BECAUSE THEN I WOULD BE
APOLOGIZING AND I WOULD BE
WATERING IT DOWN.
SO. YEAH.
>> AND SOMEONE THAT WE'VE BEEN
HONORING. OF COURSE. IS THE LATE
CHADWICK BOSEMAN.
AND I KNOW THAT HE WAS SO
SPECIAL TO YOU.
HOW DOES IT FEEL TO YOU. HAVING
BEEN SO CLOSE TO HIM AND KNOWING
THAT SO MANY PEOPLE JUST LOVE
HIM SO MUCH AND HAVE BEEN
HONORING HIM SO MUCH?
I MEAN ALWAYS THROUGHOUT THE
YEARS WE'VE LOVED HIM. HE'S SO
TALENTED. HE'S SUCH A -- YOU
ALWAYS HEAR WHAT AN INCREDIBLE
PERSON HE WAS.
BUT WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO YOU
THROUGHOUT THIS AWARD SEASON
SEEING ALL THE LOVE THAT'S
POURING IN?
>> IT FEELS RIGHT ONLY BECAUSE I
KNOW HIM.
IT WAS LIKE I SAID BEFORE. HE
WAS AUTHENTICITY ON STEROIDS.
SOMETIMES PEOPLE HONOR PEOPLE
WHO ACTUALLY WERE NOT REALLY
NICE OR REALLY THE PERSONA DID
NOT MATCH THE REAL PERSON.
THIS. IT MATCHES A PERSON.
I'M TELLING YOU. THIS PERSON.
THIS HUMAN BEING. THIS ARTIST
DID NOT MISTAKE HIS PRESENCE FOR
THE EVENT.
HE ABSOLUTELY HONORED THE WORK.
AND A LOT OF PEOPLE ENTER THIS
BUSINESS BECAUSE THEY WANT TO BE
FAMOUS ACTORS.
THEY DON'T WANT TO BE ACTORS.
THEY WANT TO BE FAMOUS ACTORS.
HE ENTERED IT BECAUSE HE JUST
WANTED TO BE AN ARTIST.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
A GREAT ARTIST.
YOU'RE A GREAT ARTIST.
BEFORE I LET YOU GO. I KNOW I'M
ABOUT TO TOSS BACK TO THE PANEL.
THEY'VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT WHAT
FASHION THEY'VE BEEN LOOKING
FORWARD TO TONIGHT.
I KNOW THEY'RE GOING TO ASK
ABOUT THE TWO OF YOU BECAUSE YOU
BOTH LOOK TO BEAUTIFUL.
TELL US ABOUT YOUR LOOKS THIS
EVENING.
>> ALEXANDER McQUEEN. BABY.
>> ALEXANDER McQUEEN.
>> FOREVER MARK JEWELRY.
>> LOVE THE TWO OF YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
HAVE THE BEST TIME TONIGHT.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
NINA. RIGHT?
AM I RIGHT?
>> YES.
>> DID I READ YOUR MIND. NINA?
>> YOU ASK ALL THE QUESTIONS
THAT WE WANT TO KNOW.
AND LISTENING TO VIOLA DAVIS IS
A CRASH COURSE IN JUST
EVERYTHING IN ESSENCE.
>> LITERALLY I SAID THAT.
Y'ALL HEAR THIS?
>> WE GOT TO GO BACK OVER TO
JULIANNA.
I THINK SHE'S GOT SOMEBODY ELSE.
>> OH!
SORRY!
THIS IS SO REAL.
WE ARE LIVE.
I WAS SO EXCITED TO SEE MARIA
OVER HERE BECAUSE SHE DELIVERED
ONE OF THE MOST WILDEST AND
SHOCKING PERFORMANCES OVER THE
YEAR.
SHE IS NOMINATED FOR BEST
SUPPORTING ACTRESS. MARIA
BAKALOVA.
NICE TO SEE YOU.
>> NICE TO SEE YOU.
I'M SUPER EXCITED TO BE HERE.
HUMBLED. EXCITED. ALL OF THE
FEELINGS IN ONE MIXTURE.
>> WE HAVE SO MUCH TO TALK ABOUT
RIGHT NOW.
YOU HAVE BEEN ACTING NOT VERY
LONG. BUT THEN YOU'RE NOMINATED
TONIGHT.
AND YOU WERE DOING MORE DRAMA
BUT YET YOU'RE NOMINATED FOR
THIS COMEDIC ROLE. OF COURSE.
HOW DOES IT FEEL TO YOU RIGHT
NOW?
>> IT FEELS -- I DON'T KNOW --
LIKE A DREAM BECAUSE IT'S BEEN A
LONG TIME ACTING.
IT'S BEEN 12 YEAR OF ACTING. BUT
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IN THE DRAMATIC WORLD.
"BORAT" WAS MY FIRST COMEDY I'VE
EVER DONE.
IT'S ONE OF THESE THINGS LIKE AM
I DREAMING?
AM I LIVING THIS DREAM?
>> IT'S AMAZING.
>> THANK YOU.
>> SUCH A BIG MOVIE THAT SO MANY
PEOPLE SAW.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN DOING
MOVIES?
BECAUSE MOVIES. YOU HAVEN'T BEEN
DOING AS LONG. RIGHT?
WHEN WAS YOUR FIRST MOVIE?
>> 2016.
THAT'S AMAZING.
>> YES.
SO. IT HASN'T BEEN ALL THAT
LONG.
>> AND NOW HERE WE ARE 2021. FOR
AN OSCAR YOU'RE NOMINATED
MASSACHUSETTS.
MARIA. AMAZING.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> IS YOUR FAMILY WATCHING
TONIGHT?
>> THEY ARE WATCHING AND MY
COUNTRY IS WATCHING.
EVERYBODY IS EXCITED TO WATCH
THAT DREAMS ARE POSSIBLE IF YOU
BELIEVE IN THEM AND DARE TO
ACHIEVE THEM.
I'M FEELING GRATEFUL FOR ALL THE
RECOGNITION AND BEING HERE.
>> WHAT DOES YOUR FAMILY THINK
ABOUT THIS?
I KNOW YOU'VE TALKED ABOUT YOUR
MOTHER AND HER REACTION TO THE
FILM.
IS IT TRUE SHE WANTED YOU TO BE
A JOURNALIST?
>> YES. MY FAMILY WANTED ME TO
BE A JOURNALIST.
I WANTED TO BE A JOURNALIST.
IF I COULDN'T GET TO THE
UNIVERSITY FOR ACTING. I WAS
GOING TO BE A JOURNALIST.
>> WOW.
>> BUT I ACHIEVED ONE OF MY
SE